Hey bastard
Didn't you say it wasn't a good day this time?
Just a little bigger?
What happened?
Everyone is fine
I don't know.
I don't know how it got like this.
I knew it would turn out like this
I should have listened to that Ye
Ripped out of the bone in time
It doesn't matter now
Main day
I will recover this loss as soon as possible.
Hahahaha
The Wang family planted a big grave this time
I see that kid Wang Kuan
Be arrogant or not
I should have warned him
He didn't listen.
No wonder I am
Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mr. Ye
Let's sell stocks and stock certifications this time.
Earned more than a billion
Hey that
Mr. Ye?
What are your plans next?
Are you really going to vote?
Real estate on Nanhai Island